docs: update github action (#692)
Bearer/bearer: docs/quickstart.md

A progress bar will display the status of the scan.

Once the scan is complete, Bearer will output a security report with details of any rules failures, as well as where in the codebase the infractions happened.

> By default the `scan` command use the SAST scanner, other [scanner types](/explanations/scanners) are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the `scan` command uses the SAST scanner; other [scanner types](/explanations/scanners) are also available.
```
